W-11410325-Update feature flags reference table-4.4. (#2290)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime: modules/ROOT/pages/feature-flagging.adoc

[%header%autowidth.stretch,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Feature Flag | Description
<.^|`mule.batch.fixed.aggregator.transaction.record.buffer`
|When enabled, batch aggregators with fixed size aggregators commit only when a full block is processed.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0

* 4.3.0-202103

* 4.2.2-202103

*Enabled by Default Since*

* Not enabled by default in any Mule version

*Issue ID*

* MULE-19218
<.^|`mule.compute.connection.errors.in.stats`
|When enabled, connection errors are computed as part of alerts triggering.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0

* 4.3.0-202103

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.4.0

*Issue ID*

* MULE-19020
<.^|`mule.enable.default.errorhandler.not.rollback.incorrect.tx`
|When enabled, the default error handler added by the Runtime doesn't rollback a transaction if it doesn't correspond.

*Available Since*

> * 4.5.0

Reviewer: Remove this entry and every other 4.5.0 from the "Available since" fields (it's a future, yet unreleased version, so we better only list it as part of "Enabled by default since"). If you find a flag that only has 4.5.0 for the "Available since" field that one must not be included in this page because it is not released yet. Let me know if you have questions about this.

Author: Making the modifications.

* 4.4.0-202201

* 4.3.0-202201

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.5.0

* 4.4.1

* 4.3.1

*Issue ID*

> * MULE-19919

Reviewer: Are you sure that you used the latest version of the [MuleRuntimeFeature.java](https://github.com/mulesoft/mule-api/blob/master/src/main/java/org/mule/runtime/api/config/MuleRuntimeFeature.java)?

This one should list more versions than 4.5.0. Can you make another check at the other ones also and submit again?

Author: All versions are described as they appear on the [MuleRuntimeFeature.java](https://github.com/mulesoft/mule-api/blob/master/src/main/java/org/mule/runtime/api/config/MuleRuntimeFeature.java). I just checked them again.

[%header%autowidth.stretch,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Feature Flag | Description
<.^|`mule.batch.fixed.aggregator.transaction.record.buffer`
|When enabled, batch aggregators with fixed size aggregators commit only when a full block is processed.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0

* 4.3.0-202103

* 4.2.2-202103

*Enabled by Default Since*

* Not enabled by default in any Mule version

*Issue ID*

* MULE-19218
<.^|`mule.compute.connection.errors.in.stats`
|When enabled, connection errors are computed as part of alerts triggering.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0

* 4.3.0-202103

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.4.0

*Issue ID*

* MULE-19020
<.^|`mule.enable.default.errorhandler.not.rollback.incorrect.tx`

> |When enabled, the default error handler added by the Runtime doesn't rollback a transaction if it doesn't correspond.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|When enabled, the default error handler added by the Runtime doesn't roll back a transaction if it doesn't correspond.
```

Reviewer 2: roll back - when used as a verb
rollback - when used as a noun

Doesn't correspond to what?

Author: Requesting info to the devs to clarify.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0-202201

* 4.3.0-202201

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.5.0

* 4.4.1

* 4.3.1

*Issue ID*

* MULE-19919
<.^|`mule.dw.remove_shadowed_implicit_inputs`
|When enabled, DataWeave removes implicit inputs when a variable with the same name is declared at the root level.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0-202111

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.4.0

*Issue ID*

* DW-893
<.^|`mule.enable.byteBuddy.objectCreation`

> |When enabled, the Objects factories are created with Byte Buddy instead of CGLIB.

Reviewer 2: If I am understanding this correctly, Objects factories should be possessive. Also, Objects should be lowercase - "object's factories."

|When enabled, DataWeave correctly handles internal exceptions while splitting a payload, preventing subsequent serialization errors.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.4.0

*Issue ID*

* DW-383
<.^|`mule.honour.reserved.properties`
|When enabled, reserved properties such as `app.name` can’t be overridden by global properties (overrides are ignored).

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0

* 4.3.0-202102

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.4.0

* 4.3.0

*Issue ID*

* MULE-17659
<.^|`mule.honourErrorMappingsWhenPolicyAppliedOnOperation`
|When enabled, the operation policy's error resolution is ignored. Therefore, the error mappings of the processor on which the policy is applied are set successfully.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0-202207

* 4.3.0-202207

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.5.0

*Issue ID*

* W-11147961
<.^|`mule.detailedCompositeRoutingExceptionLog`
|When enabled, AbstractForkJoinRouter-based processors, such as Parallel For Each and Scatter-Gather routers, now show detailed error information for their failed routes.

*Available Since*

* 4.4.0-202206

*Enabled by Default Since*

* 4.5.0

*Issue ID*

* W-10965130
<.^|`mule.parallelForeach.flattenMessage`

> |When enable, if the items to iterate over on a parallel-foreach scope are messages (such as the output of an operation that returns Result objects), they are flattened in a way that is consistent with what the foreach scope does.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|When enabled, if the items to iterate over on a parallel-foreach scope are messages (such as the output of an operation that returns Result objects), they are flattened in a way that is consistent with what the foreach scope does.
```
